This file is a place to maintain cross-platform notes on experiments--naming
conventions, parameter selections, motivations, and maybe some results.  In
the early days I did this routinely, but fell out of practice, and now hope to
resume the practice.  -  larryy 3/12/07

Files marked _driven and _passive (adopting the terms used by McShea) related
to runs comparing complexity with and without natural selection (NS). I
believe worldfile_driven_original captures the original parameter set used for
these studies, though many permutations were tried.

_hard simply increases the high-population penalty (changes NumDepletionSteps
from 200 to 100)

_domains added two barriers and divided the world into three domains. This was
done in an attempt to make it more difficult for a solution to emerge and take
over the entire population (and delay the onset of maxPop), back when I
thought NS was selecting for complexity faster than genetic drift (GD), and
that driven complexity rose faster initially, but crossed over passive
complexity at approximately the time the population maxed out.  (I no longer
think this is what is going on.)  There was a problem with these runs, which
is that in order to make the emergence of a solution more difficult, sims
would tend to see the population plunge to its minimum, at which point either
the steady-state GA would kick in, thus contaminating the results with
evolution guided by the heuristic fitness function, or the low-population
advantage would produce immortal idiots (agents that live forever, but do not
produce sufficient or sufficiently varied offspring to ever get any better).
This problem was particularly driven by population minima within individual
domains--even after one or two domains had maximal populations, a low
population in one domain could continue to invoke the steady-state GA.
Hence...

_barriers uses two barriers (like _domains), but only one domain.  This fixed
the minPop / steady-state GA problem, and did delay the onset of maxPop.  It
even seemed to show driven complexity riding above passive complexity for a
longer time and still crossing over at about the time of maxPop.  So this
initially strongly supported the original thinking (that NS increased
complexity faster than GD).

_fixed and _fbs# are fixed-brain-size runs.  Observing a strong correlation
between brain size and complexity, I wanted to run some sims with fixed brain
sizes, and try to tease out other contributions to complexity growth.  The
fbs# runs were a particular suite of runs defined in the worldfiles_070301
files.  Only the first and last (majority of it anyway) runs were ever
performed.  They took enormous amounts of time and disk space, and priority
was given to the _df# runs once I realized what was actually going on in
these driven vs. passive runs (at least I think I understand them now--
complexity is going up at about the same rate in NS and GD until a solution
is achieved in the NS runs, at which point the population tends to widely
adopt this solution and mean complexity drops or levels off to the
corresponding solution's complexity, a kind of local optimum).

_df# runs (and the checked-in _dynfood worldfile) use "dynamic food patches". 
The patches turn on and off so food moves around the world, requiring the
agents to evolve a slightly more complex behavior and hopefully a measurable
increase in complexity of their neural dynamics.  Jury is still out on this
one.  I do get successful populations, though, with the agents still circling
furiously while they're in the active patch, but running fairly rapidly over
to the new patch when the food location shifts.  Not sure complexity is going
to be substantially different, however, since the number of neural groups
initially climbs faster (than static food patches), but eventually drops off
to about the same level, suggesting a pure stimulus-response solution was
found, albeit belatedly.